precourse part 2 - file history

file history - what a patent prosecution and an actual file history looks like. what are these documents, what do they look like, how does it all fit together?

what is a file history?
-> same thing for a long time (100+ years old)
-> you can still get them (the files) if you request them at the file room at the USPTO
-> only "new" thing since 2000 (since after that) is the electronic version of the file 

example is from 1998, left office around 2000-2001
-> around this time USPTO was transfering from paper based to image based system

file history is a literal copy of the exact file that is in the USPTO. 3 sections:
-> 1 section is behind the cover (search notes)
-> center includes from the applicant to the office
-> 3rd section is from the office to the applicant

example is a typical file history (200-300 pages). includes:
-request for continuation examination
-file to appeal brief
-decision by the board

page 2 is typically handwritten, but is typed in the example

paper numbers (begin with paper number 2, 1 is the application itself)

application includes:
specification, claims, and drawings

completed enabling, completely describe invention. claims distinctly claims what is regarded as the invention. drawings are big part of the enablement.

almost every application will need drawings (999/1000) -- even if its software on a device (flowchart). chemical (bonding diagram). 


amedments are changes in presentation, not in content itself (no new content to application)


if information is relevant to US application; you submit an IDS. 

example is a second addition to a previously filed amendment. IDS in this case were submitted to note this. 



terminal disclaimer filed - 

USPTO does not want you to have too many patents on a single related patent. you should agree that all of these patents should be owned by same company. if any one patent is expired, all the other patents also expire. 

limits the term so that all expire at same time.

pg 3. search notes

generally under 20 claims; can go into hundreds

pg. 4 search notes

examiner is responsible for finding prior art

pg 5 - patent office form 

pg 6 - abstract; 150 words or less of disclosure of the patent application. 

not invention per se--rather, captures the entirety of whats in this particular application

pg 7 - application begins

pg 8

headings are as generally required

field of the invention - general technical area where the device is assossciated

example is related to respiratotry suction.....

state of the art - "background of the invention" - describe the backdrop, technical art, of the area of technology as the time of filing

example background is fairly extensive. 

background of example: 
-> can't eat by themselves then equiped by endothracheal catheter
-> plugs into your body below your mouth/voice box/throat; provides air down your tracea into your lungs
-> problem is loss of filteration/moistening by your body
-> when done lower in your system; things begin to accumulate on this decather which needs to be cleaned off
-> this is what this technology is off. how to clean this off without stopping the breathing function. 
-> insert a catherer; it slides down the tube; sucks out any dirt/things not to be there
-> when removing this catherer; things fall off and stay within there. invention is about cleaning it off while its being removed.
-> how to clean while removing without interrupting airflow to the patient

background to invention is the context required in order to explain the invention, the "new" part of the area/technology in question at the patent

pg 13 summary of the invention

pg 14 provide a seperate chamber in the apparatus
beginning of the drawings (sentence or two to describe the drawings/what is shown)

details description follow the drawings

pg 18 detailed descrpition (goes on for many pgs)- describes everything thats seen

preceeding claims is all technical writing, but focused on patent style (follows headings; drawings, gist of characterizing the state of the art). writing is not particularly different

pg 39 - claims - the "different" type of writing

claim 1

pg 44/45 - declaration of power of attorney and petition (no longer used in practice like this) 

declaration by inventory
power of attorney to appoint
ownership to a 3rd party (usually employed)

-> sometimes together, but usually seperated (now)

declaration and assignment can be put together (for now)

pg 48/49 drawings begin

variation on the prior art is the invention. drawings show the different version of it. similar, but different. whole point of the invention. 

pg 57 cover sheet used to send in the patent application

look about the same even now. form you fill out. PTO SB05


pg 58 not done usually anymore, bc electronic versions


pg 59. express mail "date in stamp" ; so you get it the moment you drop it in the post office. do it via express mail certificate (example)




part 2 ends at page 60. 







