Part 3 notes

walk through all the numbered documents

so far: some idea of the invention. decatherer inserting and withdrawing from airway such that cleaning of catherer is in a partially isolated chamber (so no bothering of breathing and keeps catherer clean)

pg 65 peliminary amendment - change how a patent is presented

now officially an 'application data sheet'

pg 67 mistake on previously referred patent. changed number

pg 72 information disclosure statement

pg 75-82 IDS forms

pg 83 suppl IDS - some more info for IDS
-> example, co-pending applications

pg 88 - says they have looked at the patent application

pg 89 summary of office action

examiner:
insufficient in explanation
other patents have done it
"you" have done the patent in other applications

exchange is cordial and polite, but do not 'mince words'. very straightforward and direct verbiage; plain spoken. 

recorded assignment (patent was sold to x)

pg 111 terminal disclaimer
-> you are double patenting; therefore you have option to submit a terminal 

this is so you don't expand your right in terms of the time of the patent. this is related to public policy and nature of restriction and double patenting

solved via terminal disclaimer

pg 114 amendment

pg 127; only changed is the underlined portion

we open and close the valve by pushing catherer through by withdrawing it (differentiating piece for invention) 

pg 131 another office action

pg 152-153; new amendments 

pg 157 advisory action - not going to consider what you submitted (examiner) because new issues are submitted

pg 169/170 new amendment in combination witih an RCE (same amendment) and change the claims a little differently than before

RCE = request for continued examination ($860)

this had to be filed since rejection was final

pg 175 another office action

pg 183 applicant files a response with no amendments

details 6-7 pages explaining why the examiner is wrong

pg 197 response from examiner

arguments have not changed my mind (examiner) 

pg 209 applicant says you are wrong, examiner

pg 217 next advisory action; nothings changed 

pg 219 notice of appeal and the brief on pg 220

appeal is a response to action office. 

case citations are generally not recommended when corresponding to an examiner, they do not act on cases. they implement policy based on the basis of the cases, but the basis is decided by others. 

examiner appreciates a case, but will not act on a case. 

board of appeal DOES act on cases, so appeal has case citations. 

appeal says basically the same argument as presented to the examiner + some case citations. 

appendix at end includes claims as they exist now

pg 241 examiners action - critique of what applicant has said on the brief. it's an office action, another rejection. 

pg 253 response/reply to the examiner from applicant

pg 259 fwd'd to the board

decision on appeal pg 263

3 administrartive patent judges makes a decision

agreed with the applicant and reveresed everything examiner had to say

pg 271 signed allowed

notice of allowability on pg 273

pg 276 is patent term adjustment -- due to the delay experienced on the patent office, days are added back to the application

done with that file history

file history is available to anyone after the patent issues or the patent is published

key words glossary begins in the appendix

